Quick Overview
The system is based on NFT. Influencers issue their own NFT. However, instead of a jpeg/png image, NFT has an advertising agreement. Then influencer publishes his new-made NFT on our marketplace, where it is being sold like any other NFT.
Then advertisers can buy issued NFT on our marketplace. Advertisers can use it at any moment. As soon as he uses his NFT, it is being transferred to its issuer and the issuer must post an advertisement, which was discussed in the agreement. 
Also, advertisers can hold it, and resell it later. This will allow him to buy ads at a lower price when the influencer has a smaller audience. Later, an advertiser can sell his NFT to other advertisers. Because an influencer has a larger audience, he can sell his NFT at a higher price.

Problems and Solutions
Here are problems that BirdHouse attempts to solve:
1.	Business problems:
1.1	Small businesses have a small marketing budget, which makes it difficult to make successful marketing campaigns. BirdHouse simplifies influencer research and allows businesses to find the best advertisement deals
1.2	Inability simplifies for businesses to buy nano/micro-influencers in bulk. Bulk purchase of influencers will allow businesses to have a more diversified influencer portfolio, resulting in higher awareness of the product.
1.3	Influence marketing ROI is 11x higher than banner ads. Nevertheless, due to influencers being difficult to reach out it takes a lot of resources to organize a successful marketing campaign. BirdHouse will allow businesses to buy influencers in bulk, which will allow them to achieve desirable ROI.
2.	Influencers' problems:
2.1	Nano and micro-influencers experience difficulties with finding advertisers, as many advertisers prefer buying macro-influencers due to them having a higher impact. The ability to purchase influencers in bulk will allow nano and micro-influencers to become a part of this bulk, which will the search for advertisers, and let them monetize their content.

How does BirdHouse use Stellar?
The concept is based on issuing influencer’s NFT. Nevertheless, using crypto wallets is not comfortable for most of the influencers and marketers. Stellar functional will simplify work with cryptocurrencies. Stellar SDK will allow us to create accounts, issue assets, and make payments on the back end. This will significantly simplify the use of our product. Furthermore, Stellar’s incredibly low transaction cost allows customers to pay less commission.	

Target Market	
Our target launch market is 10.270.000$, this is 1% of the worldwide influence marketing only from Instagram. We are mainly aiming at nano and micro influencers with 10k-100k followers. This is due to them smaller influencers having higher ROI. General profile would be influencer who posts 20-24 times a week, who specifies in certain topic, as it will have higher conversion due to more targeted advertisement. There is no specific industry which we will focus on, nevertheless we will aim at beauty and lifestyle industry as those are most popular among influencers according to influencermarketinghub.com and trying to avoid financial and gambling industry as these are least trusted when advertised. Our targeted audience does not understand blockchain (instead of influencers and advertisers specializing and working in NFT and cryptocurrency sphere). We are also not aiming for large businesses, rather for small or medium sized businesses. We are not aiming for businesses larger than 5 million dollars in yearly sales, nevertheless we can still provide services for larger businesses. Also, we have conducted several interviews. The conclusion was made, that it is difficult for the most marketers and influencers to work with blockchain. Furthermore, we made a conclusion that nano and micro influencers are interested in service, as well as small internet business. The industry trend also suggest growth of the influence marketing.
	
Revenue Model 
We are using Peer-to-peer business model. We are offering a platform for selling and buying advertisement and take commissions as our revenue. We are going to charge 10% commission from every transaction within our platform. Exact calculations can be seen in google spreadsheet (comments are enabled, so feel free to ask anything in the spreadsheet).

Pricing Strategy
Other platforms mainly use subscription business model. As capterra suggests, grin.co charges 2125$/month. Another competitor creatoriq does not work with small brands and small influencers and keep their pricings individually depending on brand, as suggested by same capterra. As suggested by the same capterra, Blogsvertise charges starts at 10$. We are planning to charge percentage commissions for transactions, which is not widely used on the market. We are aiming at charging 10% commission. Charging commission by percentage is aimed at small brands and influencers (which are our main audience), as small campaigns will be charged much less than other competitors. Also, we are planning to make personalized charges (2-5%) for macro-influencers and large brands, this will allow us to stay competitive even for large brands and influencers. For small brands, often price is a deciding factor, as they often have small budgets for marketing, therefore we are taking small percentage, rather than fixed pay.  

Sales Forecast and Financial Plan
As mentioned in our SMART goal, we are aiming to attract 200 influencers in 6 months with total amount of followers of about 1000000. Since most of advertisers are using Instagram (79% in 2021 as influencemarketinghub suggests) we will be aiming at Instagram influencers in the beginning. Using table mentioned in revenue model, we can aim at 56000$ monthly from 200 influencers and 1 million audience in total. And further growth to 1000 influencers with 5 million audience in total will result in 280000$ monthly.
		

				
Industry and Market Research
Influencer marketing is one of the fast-growing industries. According to the influencermarketinghub.com - The market grew from $1.7 billion in 2016 to $9.7 billion in 2020. In 2021, it soared to $13.8 billion, indicating a steady growth. This year, the market is projected to expand to a whopping $16.4 billion industry. This growth is attributed to the increasing popularity of short video formats on platforms like TikTok, Facebook, and YouTube, the effect of the global pandemic on consumers, which catalyzed social media consumption, and the optimization of data collection, which marketers used for social media ads. 
				
Threads and opportunities
There is no regulation towards crypto currencies and NFTs yet. Technologically, it is possible just to replace jpeg/png image in NFT to agreement on advertisement (or any other). Economically, we do not have real concerns, as we are providing marketplace, and taking commissions from sales. There is a weakness, nevertheless. There is an issue on NFT marketplaces with bots that are buying NFT at low prices. There is a threat that bots will buy all small influencers advertisements, the resiling after their growth at a high price. This will lead to an issue, as advertisers won’t be able to buy nano influencers without commission from such resale. Nevertheless, we are still gaining commission from sales despite bots. We are working on the solution but buy now the only solution to that seems to ban such bots. 

Competition
The idea of influence marketing is not unique. There are many other solutions to it such as GetBlogger or other various marketing platforms such as grin.co, or creatoriq.. Nevertheless, we are standing out of them by using NFT technology for advertisement agreement. Also, we offer P2P influencer marketplace.
 
Marketing and Sales
We are planning to use influence marketing for the marketing of our product. We will be aiming to target bloggers which are related to the social media growth theme, as they have desired audience (micro and nano influencers, looking for improvement of their content and new advertises). Our marketing objective is to increase awareness of our product. The strategy is to fit for solving certain issues of the business and influencer (see Problems and Solutions section). We are planning to have some influencers to make a sponsored post or video about us, therefore, people who are looking for buying advertisement and influencers will find video or post which we sponsored. The goal is to advertise only for the ones looking for marketing and sponsorship solutions. We will convert prospects buy offering them our sponsorship (in case of influencer) and buy offering free small advertisement to try out our product (in case of business). High time will be achieved by offering various advertisement offers and sponsorships on the main page and by sending them e-mail.
